If we kill a devil that a civilian hunter has already engaged,
we're guilty of interfering in their business.
Normally, you would be arrested.
You need to think before you act, Power.
And you, Denji.
You need to keep her in check.
What? Me?
Before she became a fiend, Power was the Blood Devil.
So fighting using blood is her forte,
but it also makes her rather excitable.
Perhaps she's not suited to being a devil hunter after all.
Thi—
Th-This guy told me to kill it!
What?! How can you just lie like that?!
You're so full of shit!
I am not!
He told me to! This human told me to kill the devil!
It's the truth!
Yikes!
What the...?
Makima, this devil's a straight-up liar!
She should be arrested!
You're under arrest for false whatchamacallit!
Don't listen to him! He told me to do it!
Devils cannot lie!
Only humans lie!
Yeah, right!
You're living proof they can, bozo!
You lying dipshit!
Humans are dirty liars!
I only did what I was told!
Drop the act! Who do you think you are?!
It's so cringe!
Can you settle down for a minute?
I—I can.
Huh?
Good girl, Power.
Really, I couldn't care less which of you is to blame.
All I want is to see you two producing results as a team.
Can you do that for me?
We—W-We will!
Maybe this ain't the best time
to be focused on touching her boobs.
Y'know, drinking a soda used to be something I could only dream about.
But if we keep screwing up,
not getting to drink soda anymore would be the least of my worries.
Still, that doesn't mean I can work with a liar.
I only get along with cats.
I hate humans.
Not because they did something to me.
It's just something devils feel instinctively.
And I hate devils too.
Because one of them kidnapped my pet, Meowy.
Before I could Meowy get back, Makima caught me.
Meowy might already be dead, but I cannot give up hope.
I'd do anything to get Meowy back from that devil.
Even work with humans.
I doubt you'd understand why I'd go to such great lengths for a cat.
A cat?
Yeah, that's dumb.
Though, I reckon I'd do anything
to be able to feel up a chick's boobs.
I knew I wouldn't be able
to see eye-to-eye with a human.
Hmm...
But...
If we were talking about a dog, I think I'd get you.
What if I said, if you can get my Meowy back,
I'll let you feel up my boobs?
That fuckin' devil!
Oh?
Who does he think he is, kidnapping a cat?!
Oh!
Not on my watch!
As a devil hunter, I won't let this slide!
Oh!
I'm gonna slaughter that devil!
Leave for the fiend Power is approved.
Make sure she's back by 5 P.M.
You're not allowed to go out on your own?
Nope. I've been dying of boredom in here all this time.
I know where to find the devil that kidnapped Meowy.
The problem is... only you can fight him.
As soon as he sees me,
he'll use Meowy as a shield.
And that would be checkmate.
I also had a pet. A devil called Pochita.
I can't pet him any more, but that's okay.
He still lives here, inside of me.
Humans really are so foolish.
What?
In essence, you're saying that Pochita is dead, correct?
What's dead is gone.
Nonsense like "he's still alive in my heart"
is nothing but a pitiful attempt at self-consolation.
Yeah, yeah.
Guess you're right.
I don't think I'm gonna get along with her.
Ever.
Because of what happened in the US,
the hardliners in the USSR are gaining influence.
There are also rumors of devils being used for military purposes.
We'd like to keep Japan's enemies limited to just the devils.
Makima, how goes the training of the dogs in that unit of yours?
I have one that seems promising
and one that is rather interesting.
One that's interesting?
The latest pup I picked up.
Remember, your job is to train these dogs,
and then make use of them.
It isn't to get attached to them.
Denji isn't interesting. He's just unpleasant.
Why do you have such high hopes for him?
Every devil is born with a name.
The more feared that name is,
the more powerful the devil is said to be.
Take coffee, for example. It's hard to imagine "coffee" evoking fear in most people.
So if there was a Coffee Devil,
it would likely be rather weak.
But what about a Car Devil, then?
People might imagine themselves getting run over and dying,
so it could be strong.
Denji can turn into the Chainsaw Devil.
I think that's quite interesting.
Maybe you're right, but I still don't think he can be useful.
Everyone in the Bureau has a goal or strong conviction.
But Denji?
He said all he wants is to live a laid-back life.
He isn't fit for the Bureau.
And even worse, he thinks you can become friends with devils.
He's still a kid.
A brat.
That's the house!
Meowy and the devil are in there.
Right.
Let's do this thing.
I don't really wanna bust out the chainsaws 'cause I'll lose a lot of blood.
What? Chainsaws?
Yup, I can turn my body into chainsaws.
I am yet to understand the humor of humans.
Huh?
What is it?
Didn't you say he'd use your cat as a shield if you showed yourself?
Probably not a good idea for you to come this close, then.
Oh, right. That's the story I told you.
Story?
Just a slip of the tongue.
You're a fool.
But you have good instincts.
You kept me waiting for quite some time, Blood Devil.
I thought you had run away.
Spare me your complaints.
Getting out was not easy.
I brought you a human, as you requested, Bat.
I haven't had anything to eat in a while.
A young male, I see.
His blood should be rather invigorating.
Look at this wound on my arm, human.
Your kind gave me this...
An irritating wound that forces me to hide here!
Like I give a shit, dumbass.
No barking, lunch!
Humans caused this wound,
and now your human blood will heal it.
Disgusting!
I've been restored by this putrid blood!
Such a foul taste!
I'll need another human to wash it away!
You want to be friends with them?
You actually believed my story.
Humans really are so foolish.
The stench of cigarettes,
make-up, and drugs.
Seriously?
Crazy, right?
Now, there's a smell I like.
I'll cleanse my palate with some children.
Hey, Bat Devil!
Huh?
I brought you a human as promised.
Return Meowy to me.
Huh?
Oh, yes. That was our agreement, wasn't it?
Meowy!
But I haven't punished you for bringing me such revolting blood yet.
Meowy...
Meowy.
That's your name now.
You smell tasty for a cat.
You're pretty scrawny.
I'll fatten you up a bit before I eat you.
Hurry up and grow.
I cannot wait until I can kill you.
I've killed every being who has met my gaze.
Hearing a voice that isn't screaming feels curious.
Curious...
Blood Devil.
I need blood.
If you do not wish for this cat to die,
then bring me a human.
You said that you can no longer pet Pochita.
Now I know how you feel.
It's a horrible feeling.
Disgusting!
Why is all this blood so disgusting?!
My mouth feels so gross!
I need to rinse it out with the blood of a child.
And after, as a starter, I'll have a virgin girl.
For the main course, I'll take a plump man.
And for dessert, a pregnant woman.
Gimme back my boobs!
You're drinking my blood?! How foul!
I don't even want your blood!
I remember one time Pochita disappeared.
I woke up, and he wasn't there.
I looked all over town, but I couldn't find him.
I thought he'd been eaten by a devil.
But when I got home, Pochita was sitting there,
waiting for me with tears in his eyes.
That night, I was filled with relief
and fell asleep holding him.
She had her Meowy kidnapped by a devil.
I wonder how she felt when she tried to sleep that night.
You're a devil?!
Are you stupid?! You wanna get eaten?!
You let a human get away?
You're a devil! What are you trying to achieve here?
I'm gonna split your belly open,
and then I'm gonna feel up those boobs!
Get outta here already!
If you're trying to save humans,
then let's see you cut through this!
I can retract my chainsaws?!
That strength is well beyond your looks!
Why waste it on saving a pitiful human?
Who said I'm trying to save him?
Huh?
Like I give a shit
about some dude's life!
First, I need to recover.
This cigarette-smelling blood will have to do.
Huh?
How are you alive?
I've been through so much shit
and put up with so much bullshit!
And I still haven't...
even touched a chick's boobs!
S-Stay away!
Demon in the name of devil
DEMON IN THE NAME OF DEVIL